improve FPS handling + implement cazan popups (#6)
AeliaDev/cazan.js: README.md

 
*A JS lib that helps you to build games in webpages.*

## Installation 

> Nota: Another system for installing is in conception.

Reviewer: T'as mis "nota"

Author: Oui ca se dit (n.b = nota bene), c'est comme confere ou etc

5) Setup cazan & begin to code !
```js
function runApp() {
    let game = cazan.setup("#yourCanvasId", "2d")
    game.setSize(600, 350)
    
    let rectangle = new cazan.shapes.Shape(game, {x: 10, y: 10}, {x: 50, y: 50})

    game.update()
}
```

> There is a little demonstration of what's possible to do actually in `./tests/app.js`!

Reviewer: Tu veux dire "for the moment" parce que "actually" c'est "en fait"
```suggestion
There is a little demonstration of what's possible to do for the moment in `./tests/app.js`!
```
